Doyobi, a Singapore-based edtech startup focused on teachers, gets $2.8M seed The edtech boom has focused primarily on students, but teachers are learners, too. Doyobi, a Singapore-based professional development platform, wants to give educators new, more engaging ways of teaching STEM subjects. The startup announced today it has raised $2.8 million in pre-Series A funding led by Monk’s Hill Ventures.
The round included Tresmonos Capital, Novus Paradigm Capital and XA Network, along with angel investors like Carousell chief executive officer Quek Siu Rui, Glints co-founders Oswald Yeo and Seah Ying Cong and Grab Financial Group head Reuben Lai.
The platform, which includes teacher training and interactive content for their students, is now used by about 2,000 teachers in more than 10 countries in Southeast Asia, the Middle East and Africa. Two of its largest markets are Indonesia and the Philippines. Doyobi has partnerships with educational platforms Leap Surabaya, Coderacademy and private schools like HighScope Indonesia, Mutiara Harapan Islamic School and Stella Gracia School.
Doyobi was founded in 2020 as a spin-off from Saturday Kids, a STEM-focused educational program. Co-founder and CEO John Tan told TechCrunch that after operating for eight years, Saturday Kids was only reaching thousands of students a year, even though there are millions of kids around the world who need to learn STEM skills.
“There is a massive gap between what is being taught in schools and what children need to learn in order to be prepared for jobs of the future. Curiosity, imagination and empathy are just as important as literacy and numeracy skills,” he said. “Teachers play an outsize role in shaping learning outcomes, yet most edtech innovations take the teacher in the classroom completely out of the picture.”
Though many governments understand the importance of STEM skills for economic growth, many are struggling to incorporate them into their curriculums, he added. Doyobi wants to solve that problem by reaching students through their teachers.
In addition to developmental training for teachers that include live video lessons, the startup built its own virtual learning environment for educators to use with kids. It includes courses that link new skills to real-world uses, interactive media and Scratch coding projects to reinforce what students learn in class. Doyobi also runs an online community called Teachers As Humans where educators can find peer support.
The startup will use its new funding to create more courses for educators, along with teaching resources, like videos, quizzes and projects, for their students.

Countable brings in $12M for virtual brand communities
Enterprise engagement company Countable raised $12 million in Series A funding so that brands can more easily engage with customers, even in a way that shows a brand’s values and stance on issues.
Existing investor Canaan Partners led the round and was joined by Ulysses Management and Global Catalyst Partners. In total, the company has raised about $16 million since the company was founded in 2014, Bart Myers, CEO of Countable, told TechCrunch.
In fact, the San Francisco-based company started out in solutions-based journalism, providing content around communities and people who wanted to drive outcomes. When Countable pivoted in 2017, Canaan Partners invested in the seed round and assisted the company’s transition into an enterprise SaaS organization.
“A lot of things are changing quickly with social media, which has become more toxic in some ways and less trustful about safety and security of its users, as well as taking away some of the controls that brands had to engage with their audience on their terms,” Myers said. “It used to be that you had free viral reach and traffic, but that has gone away, and it is now pay-for-play, which is not so good for reaching people organically.”
Instead, Countable is taking a cue from the positives of social media to build technology that nurtures more authentic communication and facilitates business and social outcomes. Myers considered it “like what Shopify did with the shopping cart, we are doing for community engagement.”
Here’s how it works: The company works with brands to establish the look of their site, including goals, timelines and feedback processes. After the site launches, brands can manage their audience of employees, consumers and partners. It can promote action items beyond a “like” button and leverage Countable’s “Causes” network of more than 190 million people.
The company then provides analytics to the brand on how the community is growing and insights on driving revenue, retention and innovation. On the community side, members can engage with the brand, even record video testimonials and attend events around the cause.
Countable has made over 120 “implementations” for brands like Starbucks, which uses it for employee engagement, Uber, Patagonia, Levi’s and PG&E, which Myers said uses its site to provide tips and resources to homeowners and businesses on how to prepare for emergencies.
“We give brands a lot of power to drive engagement and measure efficacy,” he added. “They can ask for feedback or encourage their audience members to share content with friends and tie it to incentives for deployment.”
In the past year, the company grew its revenue by nearly 300%; annual recurring revenue increased 277%, and it has more than doubled its customer acquisition and site usage.
To continue to meet that growth and scale its business operations, Myers expects to deploy the new funding into product development, go-to-market, expanding internationally and third-party integrations. It is also serving as a launchpad for social token community exchange.
“Brands increasingly want to have conversations with customers, and doing more of that bears fruit everywhere,” he added. “If you have your own community, it opens doors in terms of incentivization, is a way to quantify value and give customers ways to invest more in this experience.”

Hex snags $16M Series A to keep building collaborative data workspace Data is everywhere inside organizations, and employees are increasingly trying to find ways to put it to work to improve business outcomes. Hex, a startup that wants to simplify how data scientists and other employees gather and share data, announced a $16 million Series A today. The round comes just a little over six months after the startup announced its $5.5 million seed round.
Today’s investment was led by Redpoint Ventures, with help from previous investors Amplify Partners, as well as Data Community Fund, Geometry, Operator Collective, Tokyo Black, Vandelay Ventures, XYZ Venture Capital and various unnamed industry angels. Hex has now raised a total of $21.5 million, according to the company.
The startup has not been sitting still since that seed round when it was offering a beta of its fledgling product. Today it has a more complete product, says CEO and co-founder Barry McCardel. “We just released an all new version we’re calling Hex 2.0 and it fundamentally changes the way a lot of data science workflows work,” he said.
As we described the tool at the time of the $5.5 million seed round in March:
Most data scientists work with their data in online notebooks like Jupyter, where they can build SQL queries and enter Python code to organize it, chart it and so forth. What Hex is doing is creating this super-charged notebook that lets you pull a data set from Snowflake or Amazon Redshift, work with and format the data in an easy way, then drag and drop components from the notebook page — maybe a chart or a data set — and very quickly build a kind of app that you can share with others.
Hex is going after established data science notebook tools like Jupyter, which McCardel acknowledges is popular, but comes with a lot of baggage. “So, traditionally code notebooks like Jupyter have been really popular, but they have major issues with reproducibility, interpretability and performance. These are pretty well known.” Hex 2.0 is designed to resolve those issues, he said.
Today they’ve got dozens of customers and are up from five employees at the time of the seed announcement to 18 today, with plans to get to around 24 by the end of the year. With a diverse founding team that includes CTO Caitlin Colgrove and Chief Architect Glen Takahashi, the company wants to build a company that reflects the diversity of that group.
“Building a diverse team is something we’ve put a lot of energy and intentionality into from day one. And for us it means making sure that every part of our recruiting process is set up to be as equitable as possible from sourcing to interviewing to the offer stage. And there’s a bunch of things we’ve done embracing distributed hiring and reaching out and partnering with diverse communities and trying to open up new opportunities,” he said.
The company also announced a partnership with dbt Labs, which is in the data transformation space, helping to take data stored in data warehouses like Snowflake and preparing it to be analyzed in a tool like Hex. The two companies will share several integrations to make it easier to work in either application without having to jump between them.


Superplastic raises $20M to expand its cartoon influencer universeA company from the creator of Ello and Kidrobot is announcing a new $20 million funding round to build out an imagined virtual world populated with deranged-yet-cute cartoon influencers.
Superplastic‘s investors include Google Ventures, Index Ventures, Founders Fund, Craft Ventures, Day One Ventures, Galaxy Digital, Mantis VC/The Chainsmokers, Kakao, LINE Friends and individual investors like Cyan Banister, Jared Leto, Justin Timberlake and Scooter Braun, among others. The $20 million Series A round brings the company’s total capital raised to $38 million.
Superplastic’s proposition is a strange one. The company owns an animated collab house of “synthetic superstars” — characters who live on social media and pop up everywhere else through partnerships with celebrities, iconic fashion brands and gaming platforms. The company has already racked up millions of followers across Instagram and TikTok, sold millions in NFTs and built up a bustling Discord community, all around a stable of violent, fashion-forward cartoon characters.Budnitz is aiming high, aspiring to build his own “fucked-up Disney.” Guggimon, one of Superplastic’s central characters, intermittently tortures his counterpart and models virtual Gucci gear — just one of Superplastic’s many lucrative partnerships. Guggimon also popped up in one of Fortnite’s recent seasons, not just as a skin but as a full-blown featured character, appearing next to Superman. Meanwhile, Superplastic’s relationships with LINE and Kakao are already helping the characters gain a foothold in Asian markets that Kidrobot never quite pulled off.
Superplastic is also deep into the NFT phenomenon, which makes sense, given Budnitz’s experience shaping the world of IRL collectibles with Kidrobot. But he wasn’t always a believer. Budnitz told TechCrunch that he dismissed the phenomenon at first. “With the NFT thing, I was like nah, this shit is stupid. Suddenly I totally fucking got it all at once.” (Budnitz also initially felt the same way about Bitcoin before meeting a mysterious crypto evangelist with “really long fingernails” at an event who talked him into investing.)
Earlier this year, Superplastic partnered with Christie’s for an NFT drop through the storied auction house, complete with its own fittingly chaotic fictional narrative about two of the characters blowing up the building in the process.
Superplastic dipped its toes into the wild world of digital collectibles starting in February, and now it’s running a full-blown Discord-based community known as the Jankyverse, where members show off both the physical and digital figurines they’ve copped. Unlike most of the dime-a-dozen NFT projects churning out digital avatars, Superplastic developed its characters and fictional universe up front rather than tacking it on (or promising to tack it on) after cashing in on the speculative craze driving astronomical prices on OpenSea.
Superplastic is doing the NFT thing, but that’s just one channel in what’s ultimately a platform-agnostic vision. The company is all about expanding its universe of fictional chaos across mediums and it’s already cashing in on toy sales, apparel, NFTs and licensing, like collaborations with Epic Games, virtual persona pioneer Gorillaz and Gucci.
The characters might be all over the place, but Budnitz is very clear that his company won’t sell off bits of the IP — even in exchange for a major partnership. The company said no to Quibi before that company’s untimely demise last year and also turned down two streaming studios that wanted to own a piece of Superplastic’s characters in perpetuity.
With the new investment, Superplastic will run with its plans for an animated feature film slated for 2022 starring its disturbed cast of alt-Disney characters. The company also plans to open retail shops in New York and Miami early next year to tie its digital collectibles to exclusive IRL experiences like secret areas just for NFT holders in-store.“I’m more interested in connecting the real world, not just doing stuff that’s all virtual,” Budnitz said.